docs: mark dashboards in Agent Builder chat GA in 9.5 and document Fast mode (#7443, #7441) (#7561)
elastic/docs-content: explore-analyze/query-filter/languages/esql-kibana.md

- In [**Discover**](/explore-analyze/discover/try-esql.md), in {{esql}} mode, the button is always available, but **Fast mode** applies only to queries that use exactly one `STATS` command.
- In **Dashboards**, **Fast mode** applies to the dashboard's [{{esql}} visualizations](/explore-analyze/visualize/esorql.md) and [**Vega** or **Vega-Lite** panels](/explore-analyze/visualize/custom-visualizations-with-vega.md#vega-esql-queries) that use an {{esql}} data source with one `STATS` command. The option is unavailable when the dashboard has no {{esql}} panels.

> - In the [{{agent-builder}} chat dashboard preview](/explore-analyze/ai-features/agent-builder/agent-builder-dashboards-and-visualizations.md), **Fast mode** is available in the full-screen preview, but not in the sidebar preview.

Reviewer: What do you mean by this "but not in the sidebar preview"?

Author: This didn't mean anything. I simplified and actually merged with the bullet above to say "in dashboards and when previewing dashboards created with agent builder"

> - When previewing a dashboard created with [{{agent-builder}}](/explore-analyze/ai-features/agent-builder/agent-builder-dashboards-and-visualizations.md), **Fast mode** applies to {{esql}} visualizations that use one `STATS` command.

Author: ```suggestion
- When previewing a dashboard created with [{{agent-builder}}](/explore-analyze/ai-features/agent-builder/agent-builder-dashboards-and-visualizations.md), you can apply **Fast mode** to {{esql}} visualizations that use one `STATS` command.
```

> - When previewing a dashboard created with [{{agent-builder}}](/explore-analyze/ai-features/agent-builder/agent-builder-dashboards-and-visualizations.md), you can apply **Fast mode** to {{esql}} visualizations that use one `STATS` command.

Author: ```suggestion
- In **Dashboards** or when previewing a dashboard created with [{{agent-builder}}](/explore-analyze/ai-features/agent-builder/agent-builder-dashboards-and-visualizations.md), **Fast mode** applies to the dashboard's [{{esql}} visualizations](/explore-analyze/visualize/esorql.md) and [**Vega** or **Vega-Lite** panels](/explore-analyze/visualize/custom-visualizations-with-vega.md#vega-esql-queries) that use an {{esql}} data source with one `STATS` command. The option is unavailable when the dashboard has no {{esql}} panels.
```
